Readme.md, before:

Read me!
For the script to work make sure you have all the necessary prerequisite:

- Havok Content Tools 
- Havok 3ds Max Plugin (https://github.com/PredatorCZ/HavokMax/releases) 
- NIF_Exporter (for 3ds Max 2013 provided by Beth in \Fallout 4\Tools\NIF_Exporter folder. (For newer 3ds Max versions search on nexusmods) 

Installation: 
- Close 3ds Max
- Use the 3dsMaxPlugin files included or download the latest release. ( https://github.com/PredatorCZ/HavokMax/releases )
- Copy the file for your 3dsMax version into the following folder: InstallPath\Autodesk\3ds Max 20xx\plugins

Usage:
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOLttF9RIGk

- Open the max file included with this script: F4BipedCAT_2013.max. 
- Run the script via MAXScript menu or via drag and drop into the view screen. 
- Select the source race. 
- Import a *.hkx from 3ds Max main menu or if enabled in 3ds Max settings via drag and drop. 
- Make sure „Invert Top" is unchecked in the import menu.(The import menu only shows up if you import manualy, not drag and drop). 
- Press run on the script. 
- Save the max file with a new filename and start editing. 
- If an animation is already loaded and you want to try another one, press the reset button before and set the source race. 

 Created by Sebbo

Commit message:

- updated GUI - added annotations readout - added note track creation and annotation inserts - some stability fixes

Readme.md, after:

Read me!
For the script to work make sure you have all the necessary prerequisite:

- Havok Content Tools 
- Havok 3ds Max Plugin (https://github.com/PredatorCZ/HavokMax/releases) 
- NIF_Exporter (for 3ds Max 2013 provided by Beth in \Fallout 4\Tools\NIF_Exporter folder. (For newer 3ds Max versions search on nexusmods) 

Installation: 
- Close 3ds Max
- Use the 3dsMaxPlugin files included or download the latest release. ( https://github.com/PredatorCZ/HavokMax/releases )
- Copy the file for your 3dsMax version into the following folder: InstallPath\Autodesk\3ds Max 20xx\plugins
- Copy the hkxreano.exe into the same folder as your script file. It always has to be in the same folder. If you create a button in 3dsMax for 
  this script, be aware that you have to place the .exe into that MaxFolder he uses.
  (e.g. C:\Users\<user>\AppData\Local\Autodesk\3dsMax\2013 - 64bit\ENU\usermacros\)
  
Usage:
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOLttF9RIGk (old version but still same usage)

- Open the max file included with this script: F4BipedCAT_2013.max. 
- Run the script via MAXScript menu or via drag and drop into the view screen. 
- Select the source race. 
- Import a *.hkx via MaxMenu, Script Button or Drag and Drop (into the script window, not the 3dsMax View)
- Make sure „Invert Top" is unchecked in the import menu.(The import menu only shows up if you import manualy, not drag and drop). 
- Press run on the script. 
- Save the max file with a new filename and start editing. 
- If an animation is already loaded or there is an error and you want to try another one, press the reset button before and set the source race. 

To-Do List:
- Overall stability
- Making the annotation list editable.
- Append more than one animation to the scene 

 Created by Sebbo
